Add RN for MTM-59299 (#2455)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-20-568-created-tenant-domain-should-always-be-in-subdomain-of-parent.md

---
date: 2024-09-19
title: Subtenant creation request with subdomain different than parent is not allowed
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-59299
version: 10.20.568.0
---

> The domain of a tenant, created under either management or Enterprise tenant, is now required to be a subdomain of the parent tenant

Reviewer: Please mention the previous status

> The domain of a tenant, created under either management or Enterprise tenant, is now required to be a subdomain of the parent tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain of a tenant, created under either the {{< management-tenant >}} or {{< enterprise-tenant >}}, is now required to be a subdomain of the parent tenant.
```

---

> date: 2024-09-19

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date:
```

Reviewer 2: The date should be left empty as it will be synchronized with the deployment later.

Reviewer 3: I wasnt aware of this Beate. Locally hugo does not "compile" with empty dates. Is it same for c8y-docs-ops repository?

Reviewer 2: @jkot-c8y This seems to be a bug. I was just pointed to this by Andre. It used to work. I have to check with Carlos. So, we usually leave the date empty when adding the change log entry and are working on an automation which fills in the deployment date as soon as the specific build artifact and version has been deployed. For c8y-docs-ops you can already add a date as this is not publicly available and only internally relevant.

Reviewer 2: I mean, the develop branch of c8y-docs-ops. It will get available with 2025 next year of course.

> title: Subtenant creation request with subdomain different than parent is not allowed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Subtenant creation request requires domain being a subdomain of the parent tenant
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-59299
version: 10.20.568.0
---
The domain of a tenant, created under either the {{< management-tenant >}} or {{< enterprise-tenant >}}, is now required to be a subdomain of the parent tenant.

> Previously, the domain of a tenant created under the {{< management-tenant >}} could have a custom domain not related to parent tenant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the domain of a tenant created under the {{< management-tenant >}} could have a custom domain not related to the parent tenant.
```

> Previously domain of a tenant, created under {{< management-tenant >}} could have custom domain not related to parent tenant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the domain of a tenant created under the {{< management-tenant >}} could have a custom domain not related to parent tenant.
```
